if you look at the mainstream media you
get a false sensation of what's
Happening inside the economy we need to
look at what we experience at the
grocery store the bills we've got to pay
opening our window talking to our
friends and neighbors and then we will
get the truth you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you in
today's video we are going to talk about
cardboard yes that's right I'll explain
why in a second here and then we're
going to talk about uranium we're going
to look at I'm going to show you what's
going on in the economy and give you a
little bit of an indication as to what's
going on using the data and then you can
decide what you must do for your
portfolio for your retirement account
and the decisions that you got to make
for yourself and your family how does
that sound let's
begin what cardboard prices tell us
about the state of the economy cardboard
producers are boosting prices for the
first time since early
2022 you thought it was kidding when I
said we were going to talk about
cardboard now uh if you produce physical
products you get excited about cardboard
okay and the measurements the materials
where is the UPC code how is it going to
look everything the drop tests all of
that stuff okay uh but if you don't you
probably don't even ever notice
cardboard okay except when you got to
put it in recycling in this video I want
to talk about what cardboard potentially
could be signaling but I want to look at
other resources as well because we take
it for granted right I mean you order
something you get the cardboard you
throw it away that's it it's gone and if
you're not working in that industry you
typically just don't pay attention but
it's a bellweather it's a signal carbo
prices are pointing to better times
ahead producers are lifting prices for
the thick paper used to make delivery
boxes for the first time since the
Federal Reserve began raising interest
rates early last year and that's a
interesting thing because the demand for
cardboard means stuff is moving in and
out right that's it okay it is a sign of
inventory hoarding that characterized uh
you know by the 2020 circumstance
recovery that's ending right now okay if
history is any guide more expensive
cardboard also suggests that the economy
is revving up some analysts warn is too
soon and that is true you don't want to
necessarily say oh you know here's the
cardboard prices I'm going to I'm going
to start to buy all kinds of stocks and
no no no no no it's just an indicator
it's like hey check it out this is
something important all right and
basically they talk about the individual
prices and so on we don't need to show
you that but you can see share price
versus index
performance and I'm telling you you guys
were buying this magnificent 7 you were
buying apple and Amazon what you should
have been doing like I talked about in
2020 back then I was saying buy seven
2x4s you got to buy seven cardboard
boxes and that's how you get rich baby
look at
this look at those prices beating the
S&P 500
cardboard cardboard you were trying to
find the next fancy thing you were
trying to buy the next AI stock you were
out there looking for cryptocurrencies
and it was right in front of your front
door when the Amazon delivery guy
brought a cardboard boxes I mean yeah
I'm trying to be silly about it but this
is the kind of thing that we got to look
at and understand that we got to broaden
our
analysis because I bet for most people
they didn't realize that this was going
on okay and you don't have to be in the
industry to understand it now uranium
I've been talking about this
consistently since 2020 of course always
talked about it before but I've been
like harping on it since 2020 and we
could see the prices well now we got a
few things uranium finally running hot
and miners can't keep up Supply setbacks
have contributed to Surge in prices of
the nuclear fuel for the highest level
since 2008 and then we have this which
is Russia uranium supplier warns us
clients to brace for ban so what does
that mean shortages what goes on with
shortages higher prices if you got to
start to look for an alternative source
that can push the price up and if
somebody's buying it from one place they
could be you know creating a shortage on
the other end right so it's not just you
know one side or the other uranium
people start talking about oh thorium is
better than uranium yeah for a lot of
reasons it is but you can't make a nuke
out of it and so guess what's going to
take off that's just the way it goes
okay so uranium very popular I was
talking about chemical I was talking
about the physical as well there's ways
to buy the physical uranium too uh
Sprout ETF and others but the
performance just look at chemical which
which is the one and I only said
chemical just specifically for the
purpose of the fact that you know that's
the that's the big boy right um and
that's one that has performed extremely
well extremely well and why well what I
have said over and over and over again
is the money is going into it that all
of this ESG and things look we're not
getting enough from the wind power we
need something that can actually sustain
the growth if you watch the um interview
that was done with Jeff Bezos recently
uh Lex fredman he talked about how we
need to increase energy per capita if we
want to grow if we want to actually be
able to do good things we need more
energy per capita expenditure but but we
got to do that in a way that is
reasonable okay uh and has to be cost
efficient if it's not cost efficient you
got a problem and so if it you know you
got to look at how much energy does it
take to build a solar panel right you
got to take the
resources you know what all these things
need to be factored in the whole supply
chain how long it takes how long it
lasts what happens at the end of the
life cycle all these factors need to be
taken into account and of of course for
nuclear what they are doing right now is
they're saying hey we got to get into
this next Generation stuff and if that's
the case it can power potentially power
cities for long periods of time
apparently the new ones are a lot safer
than the old ones I don't know but we'll
see so that's uranium that's what's
going on today the energy usage and of
course uh energy per capita very
important stuff and let's say that oil
prices are unlikely to hit $100 in 24
all the way through next year we were
talking about $150 oil and now not even
a $100 oil well OPEC plus faces
record-breaking us oil production and
Rising Supply from other non-opc plus
producers including Brazil Guyana Canada
and Norway very interesting all right is
this really though a sign of waning
demand due to recession some people
argue oneway shape or form it is going
to impact everybody because even at
today's prices that gasoline price is
out of control in a lot of places at
least the last last time I filled up I
almost I almost fainted we're just
looking at the price I said
what Panama Canal Jam Spurs alternate
ship routes that's one so you got the
Panama Canal what happens it's drying up
you can't get the big ships through you
got an issue because now they got to
find an alternate rout that makes means
it's going to take longer and that means
it's more expensive not a good thing
brings the freight rates up and of
course people can't get what they need
these issues right here it's more
inflation it causes more inflation more
big shipping firms stop red sea routes
after attacks so here's another place
where we have an issue for a different
reason but regardless if stuff can't
move from point A to point B you've got
a big problem prices go up if prices go
up that of course slows things down we
we don't need to realize uh don't need
to understand more than that you could
see this measured in different ways with
inflation this happens to be the
producer price index PPI that has
declined considerably so the raw
materials the input
costs have gone down in terms of their
year-over-year increases if that makes
any sense
um and so just like the CPI just like
the inflation indicators you tend to
hear about that has come down quite a
bit that means that the input costs for
a lot of these businesses have been a
little bit more stable and that is a
good sign for companies that want to
spend they don't have to spend what they
were before shipping costs have gone
down considerably as well I know we'll
talk about that in a sec I've been
experiencing that Transportation
capacity grows faster in November and
prices continued to slide uh the last
shipment I did prices had come down so
they quadrupled the prices that I pay to
ship stuff within the United States so
I'm shipping 2,000 units I'm shipping
4,000 units and that went literally 4X
or maybe even 5x from the bottom point
so I was paying about 4 cents a unit and
then we got to let's let's just say 4X
on that then what has happened recently
is that has come down to S cents a unit
now here's the thing and this is why
inflation is tricky so 7 cents a unit
I'm celebrating I'm saying oh great the
prices have come down this is
fantastic but we were at 4 cents a unit
I think in 2021 I was still at 4 cents a
maybe even 2022 and then they just shot
up like
crazy so I'm celebrating 7 cents a unit
am I ever going to see 4 cents a unit
again I'm not I'm not holding my breath
you see what happens prices go up up up
we're strangled prices come down just a
little bit Ah I can breathe but really
you're now in this state of New Normal
and that's what they keep doing they
drown you they give you an inch of air
and now suddenly you're comfortable with
that they drown you they give you an
inch air this is going on intentionally
do not for a second ever
that these prices and the way that
things happen is not part of a program
one very clear and distinct circumstance
is what you see with housing this is
just talking about the the prices uh of
interest and so on yeah the prices have
come down but we find overall that
everything is unaffordable and that is a
sign that the economy itself is weak
it's weak and so the expectation here is
that the going to print money is that
they're going to do some sort of
stimulus I have heard many times before
about the infrastructure projects at
2024 we'll see if they do go ahead with
that but literally trillions of dollars
worth could be pumped in to the
system whether it happens or not that
would be something to pay close
attention to because there a lot of
companies that will benefit from that
but we know um that this is something
that is going to cost a lot lot of money
right you you got to pay for that and
that means more inflation down the road
okay so keep that in mind if you want to
know the details of like this in depth
if you want to stay tuned to what I have
to offer each and every single week I
have this thing called The Well
internally we call it the finance
Fridays but it's the money GPS Finance
live every single Friday I go in for two
hours every single Friday for two hours
I look at the stock I look at the
indicators I bring up any news that has
come up over the week that you know it
just won't work in this type of format
of YouTube now I'm including the gpts
which is called fire your financial
advisor because you're going to be able
to take the current conditions and the
way that it works it reads all previous
Cycles before it it puts those into
buckets and then says Hey based on
current data which bucket do we fit in
you get the current bucket you compare
that to the
or or the current circumstance compared
with the previous buckets you get to
learn about that get all the details and
understand what are the best investments
right now based on these conditions it
tells you all of that this will be
released in the first quarter of 2024
and everybody in my group will get those
uh I want to thank you for all those all
of my people inside um the finance
Fridays small uh Zoom classes that we
have really really fantastic thing if
you want any of those details go into
the description below I have people
emailing me every single day related to
it and I want to see you there um
there's no contracts you can cancel at
any time that's it link will be in the
description at the top that's all I want
to thank you for being here today hit
that thumbs up button when you do you're
supporting me not only does it support
the channel but it notifies the
algorithm like hey hey check this guy
out good stuff all right I'll see you
tomorrow take care